---
id: 2
title: Evolution
benefit: Agents use evolutionary algorithms to find and keep the best strategies for each Forex pairing, the weak are killed and the strong survive!
references:
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bio-inspired_computing
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_algorithm
  - https://examples.yourdictionary.com/examples-of-heuristics.html
  - http://doc.rero.ch/record/319945/files/11047_2008_Article_9098.pdf
---

### What is it?
Hermes Evolution uses implementations of bio-inspired metaheuristic algorithms to continuously improve the accuracy of our agents.Heuristics is an approach to problem-solving or self-discovery that quickly finds a sufficiently accurate answer when time is of importance. You can think of heuristics as a mental shortcut used in place of a much more exhaustive and time-consuming decision-making process.Some examples of heuristics include common sense, rule of thumb, educated guesses and stereotyping etc. it’s basically learning by experience.  ‍ 

### Why is it important?
We use learning by experience and evolution to help guide our agent creation in the right direction, speeding up the process of finding quality agents that can trade the Forex markets profitably.If we weren’t using an evolutionary algorithm we would have to try every single possible combination of our beliefs system (more than trillions of combinations) which is relying on luck to find good combinations and it would take far too long, even with supercomputers. By using an evolutionary algorithm we make this unmanageable task achievable.‍

### How does it work?
We use a metaheuristic algorithm, namely a genetic algorithm to optimizing our Agents. A genetic algorithm generates some random solutions and tests them. It then selects the best ones in that group based on your chosen fitnesses (goals) and mixes them to obtain children solutions. If the children are better than their parents they are kept to be mixed with other solutions, and the process repeats with the strong surviving and the weak being discarded.Once optimization is complete you have created what’s called a model. That model can then be used to forecast live markets in real-time, assuming it was trained for that market.  Currently, we’re only using Genetic Algorithms. In the future, we may experiment with implementations using Particle Swarm Optimization, Differential Evolution, Bee Colony Optimization and some others.

::video-youtube
---
youtube_id: qiKW1qX97qA
---
::
