---
id: 6
title: Perception
benefit: Most successful traders often have years of market exposure which helps them acquire a market intuition that cannot be transferred to students. This is why most strategies fail to deliver on the promises of their creators. Agents use Fuzzy Logic to simulate this intuition.
references:
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_pre-processing
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_cleansing
---

## What is it?

Hermes Perception is a preprocessing step consisting of functions that transform raw market data into more interpretable, digestible data for our agents.

An example is “cleaning” data or removing noise (our data feed should already be noiseless, complete data, this is just an extra check).

We mostly use it to filter raw price data through technical indicators such as:
- Relative Strength Index (RSI)
- Simple Moving Averages (SMA),
- Stochastic Oscillator, and many more.‍

## Why is it important?

Filtering data is essentially transforming that data into more interpretable data, you’re trying to find ways to view the data that highlights important aspects of it and gives you better information than if you looked at the raw data as a whole.

Imagine you are looking for hot objects in a room. It’s difficult with your bare eyes (raw data) unless the object is glowing or emitting steam/smoke, but you could easily with infrared goggles. The computation is the same, as you're looking at the same picture, you’ve just "preprocessed" the data using the goggles.

The inputs we assign to agents are like those infrared goggles.

If we wanted our agents to focus on market volatility in some of their strategies. Instead of hoping they prioritise volatility when fed raw price data, we would give them Average True Range (ATR) goggles. The ATR indicator provides the average volatility for the past N candles.

So instead of our agent seeing 1.15120, 1.15125, 1.5130… (raw price), it would use the goggles to see that for the last 14 candles the average volatility is 17.4 PIPs and this value is considered very high for the last 7 days. This means the market is extremely volatile right now and you should be extra cautious trading it.

This is just a single example of dozens that all give our agents an edge in the market.

## How does it work?

It’s actually quite a simple process that can be outlined in 3 steps… 
1. Get the raw data - We use Oanda and Tiingo for our price data and will likely scrape Google for news in the future.
2. Check the data and clean any noise if required.
3. Feed that raw data to agents who use their inputs to filter it into more interpretable data.