
PLEASE READ OUR TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING MLFOREX.COM AND ITS SUBDOMAINS.  BY ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF USE SET FORTH BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE.  THE ML TECH TEAM MAY MODIFY THIS AGREEMENT AT ANY TIME, AND SUCH MODIFICATIONS SHALL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING OF THE MODIFIED AGREEMENT ON THE SITE.  WE WILL DO OUR BEST TO NOTIFY YOU OF ANY CHANGES, BUT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO REVIEW THE AGREEMENT PERIODICALLY TO UNDERSTAND THE ANY MODIFICATIONS. YOUR CONTINUED ACCESS OR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS DEEMED YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE MODIFIED AGREEMENT.‍‍  Changes and Updates  Changes to our Website Terms and Policies We may change the Terms and Policies associated with the website at any time. These include, but are not limited to; our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. If you continue to use the Website after we post changes to these Terms and Policies, this signifies your acceptance of any changes or additions. You will always have access to our Terms and Policies and will be able to check them at any time. By reloading this page, you will have access to the most up-to-date versions available to Website Visitors. ‍ Changes to Website Products and Services We may discontinue or change any Products, Features, or Services made available through the Website without notice. These changes may result in limited access or the Website being shut down temporarily or indefinitely. We do not need to provide an explanation for limited access to our Website or if we decide to discontinue providing any of our Products, Features, or Services. ‍ Changes to Content on the Website We may remove or amend any content (written, audio or visual) made available through the Website at any time and without notice.  Products, Services and Content‍ Delivery Upon registering as a User you will be granted immediate access to a free subscription to our Application. This includes free Content, Products and Services. ‍ Likewise;  Upon registering as a Customer you will be granted immediate access to a paid monthly subscription to our Application. This includes premium Content, Products and Services. ‍ Products and Services Our Application provides a monthly subscription to Forex Market information and trading signals. These signals are created using complex machine learning algorithms trained on historical markets data. Our signals are purely educational and should not be taken as financial advice or solicitation in any way. The decision of what to do with our signals and responsibility is yours alone.  Subscriptions and Billing We have Free and Paid Subscriptions to our Application.  Billing Cycle Each Customer can try any paid plan for 14 days free of charge. If the trial is not cancelled before its expiration date, it automatically converts to a monthly paid plan depending on the customers choice. Your subscription begins as soon as your initial payment is processed. Your subscription will automatically renew each month without notice the day after the expiration of the current subscription or Trial Period if any.  Cancellation and Refunds There are no refunds for monthly plans beyond 7 days (168 hours) after your monthly payment is made. The service is billed in advance on a monthly basis. There will be no refunds or credits for partial months of service beyond 7 days (168 hours) after your monthly payment is made. All billing is recurring, which means you will continue to get billed until you cancel your subscription. You are solely responsible for properly cancelling your Application subscription.  If you cancel your Paid Subscription before the end of your current paid up period, your Paid Subscription will remain active until the next due date. After the due date, if no payment is received, you will be downgraded to a Free Subscription.  If auto-renewal fails, you will immediately be notified and 3 days (72 hours) later we will attempt a second auto-renewal; if it fails again your Application Subscription will automatically be changed from Paid to Free. ‍ Please note that after you cancel your subscription, you will not lose access to your subscription until the end of your current billing cycle. Once you lose access to your account, should you choose to come back, we cannot guarantee you access due to our limited availability.  Upon cancellation, we will hold your personal data associated with your account for 3 months (90 days) in case you choose to return, after that all non-essential information will be deleted. We may be required to retain certain essential business information including, but not limited to: your communications with us and payment records.   To cancel your paid subscription, log in to your Application account, navigate to the "Settings" page, and click on "Change Payment Info" if you're having trouble, get in contact with an MLFX team member in our Telegram group. ‍ Deleting Your Account To delete your account log in to the Application and navigate to the Settings page, at the bottom of the "Account Info" tab you will find a "Delete account" option. ‍ Payment Processors Stripe is responsible for processing all financial transactions on the Website, and also the personal data such as Credit Card Information that you provide during this transaction. ML TECH does not store or interact with your financial information and shall not be held liable should this information be compromised during or after your transaction is complete. ‍ Fees Stripe charges a flat fee of 2.9% + 30c (USD) for transactions and 0.5% for subscriptions, these fees will be added to the monthly total you pay as your subscription to Our Application. ‍ Security As Customers of the Application, you agree that it is your right to use the paid subscription functionality of Our Application. You also agree to the condition that our site is for personal use only and is not transferable to any other third party in any form. Any attempt to transfer or share a Customers right to use our site will be considered a breach of the Terms of Use.  As a Customer if you are given (by MLFX) a user identification code, password or any other material that pertains to our security procedures, it must be treated with the utmost confidentiality; this is for your personal use only and should not be disclosed to any other third party.  If for any reason you think that a third party may have access to your account please inform us immediately by emailing us at support@mlforex.com. ‍ Acceptance of these conditions By signing up for a free or paid subscription to our Application (including a free trial period) you confirm that you have read and accepted our Terms of Use and if paying you authorize ML TECH to automatically charge your Bank Card, PayPal, Apple Pay or Google account monthly. Disclaimers Trading Disclaimer No guarantee is being made that the use of any information or strategies found on Our Website will make you money. There is a substantial risk of loss associated with trading Stocks, Commodities, Forex, Options, Futures and Cryptocurrency (“Markets”). You must be aware of the risks and be willing to accept them in order to invest in or trade the Markets. Don't trade or invest with money you can't afford to lose, especially with leveraged instruments such as binary options trading, futures trading or forex trading. If leveraged, you may sustain a total loss greater than the amount you deposited into your account.  Any past results are not indicative of future results. ML TECH and all individuals affiliated with this Website assume no responsibility for your trading results or investments. The information provided on our Website is believed to be reliable, but we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy. Also, our partners or affiliated companies are in no way associated with the proprietary information provided by ML TECH.  Our Website is neither a solicitation nor an offer to Buy or Sell Forex, Commodities, Stocks, Options, Futures or Cryptocurrencies. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those discussed on this website. The past performance of any trading system or methodology is not necessarily indicative of future results.  Don’t trade with money you can’t afford to lose.  The practice of "Day Trading" involves particularly high risks and can cause you to lose substantial sums of money. Before undertaking any trading program, you should consult a qualified financial professional. Please consider carefully whether such trading is suitable for you in light of your financial condition and ability to bear financial risks.  Under no circumstances shall we be liable for any loss or damage you or anyone else incurs as a result of any trading or investment activity that you or anyone else engages in based on any information or material you receive through this Website.  THIS BRIEF DISCLAIMER CANNOT DISCLOSE ALL THE RISKS AND UNPREDICTABILITY OF THE MARKETS. YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH YOUR FINANCIAL ADVISOR PRIOR TO TRADING IN THE MARKETS. ‍ Trading Signals You agree and acknowledge further that any information, including trading signals, that is provided to you on our Website is not, and was never intended to be, an offer or solicitation to enter into a Buy or Sell position in the Markets, nor was it any type of trading or investment advice, recommendation or strategy.  You acknowledge that it is solely your decision to determine which, if any, trading signals to use for executing Buy or Sell positions through a Broker, Exchange, or other financial institution (collectively referred to as “Broker(s)”).  You understand that past performance associated with any trading signals or strategies offered by ML TECH, whether actual, hypothetical or historically “back-tested” is neither necessarily indicative of nor a guarantee of future performance or success.  Trading our signals may result in the total loss of all the funds that you deposit at a broker. Leverage can work against you as well as for you and can lead to large losses as well as gains. Moreover, funds held by brokers are typically not guaranteed or insured against misappropriation or the bankruptcy of the broker.  You should only trade with funds that you can afford to lose.‍ ‍ Testimonials Testimonials found on this Site may or may not be representative of all reasonably comparable customers. Past performance is not indicative of future results or success. The individuals quoted in the testimonials used were not paid to be quoted unless specifically identified. The testimonials used on this website are non-representative of all clients; certain accounts may have worse performance than that indicated. Individual results vary and no representation is being made that clients will or are likely to achieve profits or incur losses comparable to those that may be shown. MLFX Limited Liability, Indemnity and Rights ‍ Indemnity Clause In no event will the ML TECH team be liable for;  (i) any incidental, consequential, or indirect damages (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of programs or information, and the like) arising out of the use of or inability to use the Website and any associated products, services, or information. Even if the ML TECH team or its authorized representatives have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or  (ii) any claim attributable to errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies in our Website and any associated products, services, or information.  Because some countries and/or states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. in such countries or states, the ML TECH team's liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.  You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the ML TECH team, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information providers to the Website from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, resulting from any violation of this Agreement (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the Service using your credentials. ‍ ML TECH Rights ML TECH reserves the right to stop operating any of its Websites, products, or services for any reason that it might see fit and without any notice or explanation.  ML TECH reserves the right to suspend the operation of this Website or sections thereof under the following circumstances:  i) when, as a result of political, economic, military or monetary events (including unusual market volatility or illiquidity) or any circumstances outside the control, responsibility and power of the Company, the continued operation of this Website shall not be reasonably practicable.  ii) when there is a breakdown in the means of communication normally employed in determining the price or value of any of the financial betting contracts or where the price or value of any of the financial betting contracts cannot be promptly or accurately ascertained; ‍ iii) any other reason that might cause inconvenience to the Company, its employees or Customers. ‍ MLFX is an Education Service MLFX does not hold itself out as a Commodity Trading Advisor or Financial Advisor of any kind. All information and material provided by MLFX is for educational purposes only and should not be considered as investment advice. MLFX is not providing this information as advice, nor are we providing this information based on or tailored to your specific circumstance or trading activity. The information that we provide or that is derived from our website should not be a substitute for advice from an investment professional. Misinterpreting the information provided by MLFX will not result in the liability of MLFX. ‍ Third-party sites and advertisers MLFX may include links to third-party websites. Some of these sites may contain materials that are objectionable, unlawful, or inaccurate. You agree that ML TECH shall not be held liable for any trading activities or other activities that occur on any website you access through links on MLFX. We provide these links as a convenience and do not endorse the content or services offered by these other sites. Any dealings that you have with advertisers found on MLFX are between you and the advertiser and you acknowledge and agree that we are not liable for any loss or claim you may have against an advertiser. Unauthorized soliciting through MLFX communication channels is strictly prohibited and may result in penalties, including, but not limited to, temporary or permanent bans of the account found in violation, and any appropriate and available legal action for monetary and other damages. ‍ Liability Waiver MLFX has no liability without limitations for losses including, loss of trading, income or revenue. Loss of profits, contracts or business, loss of savings, loss of business time, data or goodwill, be it through negligence or anything else. We accept no liability for any damage or loss of any kind either directly or indirectly incurred by the user in connection with our site or linked websites or the material contained therein.  All users of our site agree to the indemnity and hold us, our employees, our officers, agents and any third party connected to us non-liable for any claims including damages, obligations, costs or debt arising from the use of our website or any third party rights including copyright, privacy and property rights.  In accordance with our privacy policy, we process all the information that you give us and by using this site you agree that all information provided by you is accurate. ‍ Accuracy of information The content on MLFX is subject to change at any time without notice and is provided for the sole purpose of assisting our users and customers to make independent decisions regarding their interest in ML TECH products and the markets. MLFX has taken reasonable measures to ensure the accuracy of the information on this website, however, does not guarantee its accuracy, and will not accept liability for any loss or damage that may arise directly or indirectly from the content or your inability to access the website, for any delay in or failure of the transmission or the receipt of any instruction or notifications sent through this website or distributed through other means. ‍ Accuracy of “Signals” MLFX does not guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the Information from the Financial Markets, or warrant any results from your use or reliance on the Market Information.  The signals and results may vary depending on the time zone users execute their trades in and the broker they use; we do not guarantee the results on MLFX will be replicable.  Market Information may quickly become unreliable and irrelevant for a number of reasons such as changes in market conditions, economic circumstances and so forth. MLFX is not obligated to update any information or opinions.  Some of the results found on MLFX may be based on simulated or hypothetical performance results that have certain inherent limitations. Unlike the results shown in an actual performance record, these results do not represent actual trading. Also, because these trades have not actually been executed, these results may have under-or over-compensated for the impact, if any, of certain market factors, such as lack of liquidity and trading fees. Simulated or hypothetical trading programs, in general, are also subject to the fact that they are designed with the benefit of hindsight. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to these being shown. ‍ Attacks ML TECH will not be held liable for any damage or loss caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack or any other harmful or malicious technology that may corrupt your computer equipment, programs or data due to the use of our site or any websites linked to it.  You must not misuse the site in any way by knowingly and willingly introducing any malicious materials, such as viruses, worms, logic bombs, trojans or any other material that can be technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain any unauthorized access to our servers or any other database connected to our site. Attacking our site using any means will be met with swift legal repercussions and termination of your account. ‍ Agreeance By using MLFX the user agrees that ML TECH and any other entities associated with MLFX shall not be held liable for any direct, indirect, consequential loss or any damages whatsoever arising from this usage, or the use of any information, signals, messages, education, and any other information contained or disseminated in regard to its use and understanding.  Use this site and the services offered by MLFX at your own risk.  Neither guarantee of performance results nor any anticipated return on investment is offered at any time. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. None of the information provided by MLFX constitutes a solicitation to trade any Markets nor to buy or sell any contract within those Markets. ‍ Country of Governance Any claim arising from or related to a visit to MLFX is under the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of New Zealand, we have every right to bring any breach of term and condition proceedings to your country of residence. All terms of use are governed by New Zealand law. ‍ Contact Please contact ML TECH using support@mlforex.com if you wish to make use of any of our material other than set out as above. Privacy ‍ML TECH is the data controller responsible for your personal data and is the sole owner of the www.mlforex.com website, subdomains ("Website" or “MLFX”) and all of the information collected on it. MLFX collects information from users in several ways through our Website (explained in detail in our Privacy Policy). ‍  Access and security You accept responsibility for the confidentiality and use of any username and email address used to register an MLFX account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account.  You agree to (a) immediately notify MLFX of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session.  MLFX considers private information on the site (source code of protected or invite-only scripts, etc.) to be confidential to you. MLFX protects such private information from unauthorized use, access, or disclosure in the same manner that it protects personal data (please refer to our Privacy Policy for more information). ‍ Receiving Emails By creating an MLFX account, you agree that MLFX can use your e-mail address to send you marketing materials, service-related notices, important information messages, special offers, etc. You can unsubscribe from this by clicking on the link provided in the emails. ‍‍ Full Privacy Policy Our full Privacy Policy can be found here. Intellectual Property, Copyright and Trademarks ‍We are the licensee or owner of all intellectual property rights on MLFX and of any material published within it. All works are protected by copyright laws and all rights are reserved.  Ownership of Information; Redistribution of Data Unless otherwise noted, all rights, titles, and interests in MLFX, and all information made available through MLFX or our services, in all languages, formats, and media throughout the world, including, but not limited to, all copyrights and trademarks therein, are the exclusive property of ML TECH, our affiliates or our Data Providers, as defined below.  All rights, title and interest in and to any data or/and other information provided by Tiingo Inc. and Oanda Corporation and all such data/information made available by Tiingo Inc. and Oanda Corporation through MLFX or our services, in all languages, formats and media throughout the world, including all copyrights and trademarks therein, are the property of Tiingo Inc, Oanda Corporation, our affiliates or our Data Providers (as applicable).  You may not use any data mining, robots or similar data gathering and extraction tools on MLFX content, frame any portion of MLFX or its content, sublicense, assign, transfer, sell, loan, or otherwise distribute for payment the MLFX content without our prior written consent. You may not circumvent any mechanisms included in the MLFX content for preventing the unauthorized reproduction or distribution of the MLFX content. For additional information on commercial and partnership inquiries with us, please see the Contact us page.  Except as otherwise expressly permitted by the preceding paragraph, you agree not to publish, broadcast, distribute, reproduce or sell any of the services or materials in any manner or for any purposes, without the prior expressed written consent of ML TECH and/or our Data Providers. In addition, you shall not, without the prior expressed written consent of ML TECH and the relevant Data Providers, make copies of any of the software or documentation that may be provided, electronically or otherwise, including, but not limited to, translating, decompiling, disassembling or creating derivative works.  Except as otherwise expressly permitted by additional agreement, we do not permit commercial usage of any of our services. We make no warranty and assume no obligation or liability for third party services or software. ‍ Intellectual Property and Copyright The entire contents of the Site are protected by international copyright and trademark laws. The owner of the copyrights and trademarks is ML TECH LTD.  YOU MAY NOT MODIFY, COPY, REPRODUCE, REPUBLISH, UPLOAD, POST, TRANSMIT, OR DISTRIBUTE, IN ANY MANNER, THE MATERIAL ON THE SITE, INCLUDING TEXT, GRAPHICS, CODE, SIGNALS AND/OR SOFTWARE.  You may print and download portions of material from the different areas of the Site solely for your own non-commercial use provided that you agree not to change or delete any copyright or proprietary notices from the materials. ‍ Proprietary Information You acknowledge and understand that ML TECH has devoted a substantial amount of time and effort, and has incurred substantial costs, in developing its Proprietary Information. ML TECH’s Proprietary Information is not in the public domain and reasonable steps are continuously taken to ensure that it remains secret.  This Proprietary Information is protected under the Copyright Act 1994 and the Copyright Regulations Act 1995 of illustration but not limitation, “Proprietary Information” includes trade secrets, inventions, ideas, patterns, processes, formulas, trading methods, source and object codes, algorithms, scripts, data, programs, compilations, written training course materials, know-how, improvements, discoveries, publications, developments, education courses, designs and techniques; information regarding plans for research, development, new products, marketing and selling materials and methods, business plans, budgets and unpublished financial statements, licenses, methods of operations, prices and costs, business practices, customer sources and lists, and suppliers.  ML TECH derives economic value, both actual and potential, from not having its Proprietary Information generally known or ascertainable by other persons who can obtain economic value from its unauthorized disclosure or use. Such Proprietary Information may not be used, reproduced, or disclosed to any other parties for any other purpose without the expressed written permission from ML TECH. Specifically, you agree that you shall not for any reason, at any time, without the written consent from ML TECH, disclose to any person or entity any of ML TECH’s Proprietary Information. ‍ Trademarks Publications, products, content or services referenced herein or on MLFX are the exclusive trademarks or servicemarks of ML TECH. Other product and company names mentioned on MLFX may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Governed by the Trade Marks Act 2002. ‍ Redistribution or Sale of Intellectual Property Redistribution of any intellectual property (“IP), material, and or services provided by MLFX will result in an automatic lawsuit and penalty. All IP, material, and or services are encrypted for security purposes allowing for the tracking of intellectual property, material, and or services.  Feedback, Ideas and Contributions By submitting ideas, content, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals ("Contributions") to ML TECH through any ML TECH operated communication channel, social media account or group, you acknowledge and agree that:  (a) your Contributions do not contain confidential or proprietary information;  (b) ML TECH is not under any obligation of confidentiality, expressed or implied, with respect to the Contributions;  (c) ML TECH shall be entitled to use or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Contributions for any purpose, in any way, in any media worldwide;  (d) ML TECH may have something similar to the Contributions already under consideration or in development;  (e) your Contributions automatically become the property of ML TECH, without any obligation of ML TECH to you; and  (f) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from ML TECH under any circumstances. ‍ Country of Governance Any claim arising from or related to a visit to MLFX is under the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of New Zealand, we have every right to bring any breach of term and condition proceedings to your country of residence. All terms of use are governed by New Zealand law. ‍ Contact us If you'd like to discuss using our content in ways that have been prohibited on this page or in ways that you're unsure about; please navigate to the "contact us" section on this page and get in touch. MLFX Advertising and Marketing Marketing Any attempt to market or advertise MLFX’s services are to be taken and viewed from an educational perspective regardless of the wording presented on any third party website. ML TECH will not be liable in any way for misinterpretation of the marketing tactic used by ML TECH or any other social representative. ‍ Linking to MLFX You may link to our website including subdomains as long as it does not take advantage of MLFX or damage it in any way. You MAY NOT link to our site with the suggestion that it has been endorsed by us unless explicitly given consent. House Rules ‍By creating and using an account on MLFX you also confirm you have read and agree to follow our House Rules.  Treat other community members with respect and kindness. Bullying or abusing other community members will NOT be tolerated. Prejudice against someone based on race, gender, age or religion will NOT be tolerated. Attempting to sell to or scam our community members through MLFX communication channels will NOT be tolerated. Impersonating another and providing false information will result in immediate termination of your account.  Finally, usernames should NOT be offensive in any way.  Contact us ‍You can contact ML TECH using contact@mlforex.com, by sending a message on Telegram or internally within our MLFX Application.

::code-group
  ```markdown [Source]
  ::alert{type="success"}
    Hooray!
  ::
  ```
  ::code-block{label="Preview"}
    ::alert{type="success"}
      Hooray!
    ::
  ::
::