---
id: 5
title: Input-Outout
benefit: Most successful traders often have years of market exposure which helps them acquire a market intuition that cannot be transferred to students. This is why most strategies fail to deliver on the promises of their creators. Agents use Fuzzy Logic to simulate this intuition.
references: 
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supervised_learning
  - https://machinelearningmastery.com/how-machine-learning-algorithms-work/
---

## What is it?

Hermes Input-Output is a group of functions to query any information required for the algorithms and outputting a decision. The input data could be anything from Forex price data to news or weather if knowing the weather would benefit the algorithm’s accuracy.

Input-Output also consists of some low-level processing that improves the quality of our “raw” input data. One example is Fractional Differentiation which helps our agents generalize the data while preserving the ‘sensation’ of a trend. Before Fractional Differentiation, agents were just looking at how a price differs from one price to the next one, now they can also "see" how the prices are trending and they can make a distinction between a difference of -10 PIPs when the current price is 1.1040 vs a difference of -10 PIPs when the current price is 1.2080.

The job of our output function is to take all the complicated computer nonsense and transform it into something more human interpretable, something that doesn’t make your eyes bleed 😂.

## Why is it important?

A machine learning model is only as good as the data you feed the algorithm. We need to ensure that our datasets are large, diverse and contain meaningful information about the Forex markets. Obviously, price data is the clear starting choice, but we can add as many other data streams as we want, such as;

- Forex news
- Weather
- Unemployment rates

A clear way we can improve our price data is by upgrading our data stream to include tick-level information such as volume. That way we can switch from using time-based candles to volume-based candles which contain higher quality information.

And obviously, if you couldn’t understand the information being presented to you… the system is useless!‍

## How does it work?

To elaborate, in future versions of Hermes it might be prudent for us to scrape Google for news about each country to gauge their economic strength. This could mean looking in a 48-hour window to see if any articles were published about the USA, processing those articles and determine whether the content is positive or negative, then combining individual article sentiment to conclude an overall public opinion of whether the USD is strong or weak now.

We would create a function within input-output that scrapes Google. In this function, we would define what we were looking for, what to avoid (eg. a site blacklist), how often to search etc.

This is essentially our “raw” dataset and any low-level processing would be completed at this stage.

The “sorting”, “cleaning” and “pruning” (data pre-processing) of those news articles would be done by Hermes Perception.

The dataset is then fed to agents and passed through their unique belief systems with the hope they will improve their understanding of their market, resulting in higher quality signals.

Signals are the human-readable output


