## About Us

**In brief**: We are **ML TECH LTD. ("ML TECH", "MLFX", "us", “we” or “our”**) and we are the sole owner of www.mlforex.com and associated subdomains.

We respect your privacy and the confidentiality of the information that you give us. We will share your personal data with third parties only in the event that it’s needed for the provision of services and data you have requested (which is explained in detail in this privacy policy).

MLFX and 3rd party websites (listed below) are the data controllers responsible for your personal data. ML TECH is the sole owner of the www.mlforex.com website, subdomains ("**MLFX**" or "**Website**") and all of the information collected on it. We collect information from users in several ways through MLFX (which is explained in detail in this privacy policy).

This privacy policy applies to personal data that we collect from you when you visit this Website or create an account ("you" or "your" being interpreted accordingly). It provides information on what personal data we collect, why we collect the personal data, how it is used, the lawful basis on which your personal data is processed, how it is stored, and how we share information.

As used in this privacy policy, "personal data" means any information that relates to you from which you can be identified.

By using MLFX or submitting your personal data, you are taken to accept the terms of this privacy policy, so please read it carefully.

## Updates

We may update this privacy policy at our discretion from time to time by posting a new version on our Website. You should check our Website occasionally to ensure any changes made are suitable for you. If required by applicable law, you will be informed of any significant changes made to the privacy policy.

The current version of this privacy policy was modified on June 3rd, 2021.

## Personal data that we collect

There is no need to create an account when searching and viewing blog posts and any website content not contained behind a user login form.

## Data we receive from you

#### User Accounts

If you decided to create an account with us (paid or free) you will need to provide some personal data to us so that we can provide you with access to our additional services. **This information is stored by www.auth0.com** and the responsibility for its safekeeping is jointly that of ML TECH and Auth0 inc.

**When registrating for an MLFX account you will be required to provide us with:**
- your email address; and
- your first and last name

This information can be manually input or acquired via Google or FaceBook APIs if you decide to use "Sign up with Google" or "Sign up with Facebook"

**If registering for a paid account you will also need to provide us or our third-party data processors with:**

- Your country and state of residence
- Your trading experience.
- Our third-party payment processor (Stripe) will process information about your debit/credit card and/or Google Pay, Apple Pay, Paypal account information. For further details please also refer to the point below headed "Payment information" under the section headed "Data Sharing".

#### Contact data

We also process any personal data you choose to give when corresponding with us by phone or e-mail or otherwise visiting and interacting with MLFX or any other websites we operate.

#### Cookies and other technologies

We use cookies (small text files placed on your device) to administer MLFX, gather and analyze statistical information, ensure security, to fight spam and for advertising purposes. Cookies allow us to provide you with a better user experience when you browse MLFX and to improve its features. More detailed information on the use of cookies can be found in our Cookies Policy.

#### Log files

Like most websites, we use web server log files. Records in our log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses (see "Device information" section below for further details), browser types, internet service providers, referring pages, exit pages, platform types, and date/time stamps. We use web server log files to administer the site, to provide broad traffic information for site planning purposes, and to ensure that our terms of service agreement are being adhered to. IP addresses are not tied to personal data in our web server log files.

#### Device information

We collect the following information about the devices that you use to visit the site: IP address of the device (from which we can also infer the country you are connecting from at the time you visit the Website), operating system and browser version. We are collecting this information to prevent spam and abuse of our services. IP addresses may be considered personal data in certain jurisdictions, such as in the European Economic Area ("**EEA**"), and will be treated in accordance with this privacy policy.

### Data we receive from third parties

When you sign in to the Website or service using your social internet service credentials (Facebook or Google), such service sends us your username and email address associated with the credentials you've used. We neither control nor take any responsibility for the way third parties that provide information about you process your personal data.

## How personal information is used

We use your personal data in various ways that are necessary to provide the services you have asked us to provide, for certain legitimate interests and as necessary to comply with applicable law, as further described below.

We do not generally rely on your consent to allow us to process your personal data if there is another lawful ground available. If we do rely on your consent we will make this clear to you at the time.

### User account and profile operations

We use your contact details, such as username, email address or social media account in the following ways:
- to authenticate your user account, ensure its security along with the security of our services and prevent spam, fraud and abuse;
- to acknowledge, confirm and deal with your user account;
- to send all new users a welcome activation email to verify their email address;
- when you are a **customer**, to provide you with subscription services and contact you regarding your use of our services and products. Such use is necessary to respond to or implement your request and for the performance of the contract between you and us; and
- **customers** will also receive a notification emails from Stripe upon successful payment and if there are any issues with billing their cards for auto-renew subscriptions. Users cannot opt out of these messages, though they can cancel their subscription. 

### Marketing

We may send you marketing emails about products or services of ours which are similar to the products or services you subscribed to, including information about events and other promotions we feel may interest you unless you have indicated to us that you do not wish to receive communications of this manner. We will email you other promotional information only with your consent, which was given at the time you signed up for an MLFX account. **Users can opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time by clicking unsubscribe in one of the emails** (for more information on your rights, please see the "User rights" section below).

### Service-Related Announcements

On rare occasions, it is necessary to send out service-related announcements. For instance, if our service is interrupted for a prolonged period or a major functionality upgrade is released, we might send all users an email message.

### Customer Service

When you open a support ticket we use your contact details as well as information about your device, server logs, a description of the problem along with any supporting materials (videos, screenshots) to help you resolve the issues.

### Telephone Call Monitoring and Recording

MLFX may monitor and record inbound and outbound telephone calls between ML TECH employees and prospective customers for quality control and training purposes.

### Legitimate interests

We will process your personal data as necessary for certain legitimate business interests, which include the following:

- where we are asked to deal with any enquiries or complaints you make;
- to administer MLFX, to better understand how visitors interact with MLFX and ensure that MLFX is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer/device;
- to develop and improve our software;
- to send you information about products or services of ours which are similar to the products or services you subscribed to (unless you have refused or opted out of receiving these emails at the time you provided us with your email address or you have later indicated to us that you do not wish to receive communications in this manner). Our legitimate interest is to ensure our marketing is relevant to you, so we may process your data to send you information on our products or services that is tailored to your interests;
- we may anonymise, aggregate and de-identify the data that we collect and use such anonymised, aggregated and de-identified data for our own internal business purposes, including sharing it with our business partners, our affiliated businesses, agents and other third parties for commercial, statistical and market research purposes, for example, to allow those parties to analyse patterns among groups of people, and conducting research on demographics, interests and behaviour;
- for internal business/technical operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes and as part of our efforts to keep our Website, network and information systems secure; and
- to 
   - a. comply with legal obligations,
   - (b) respond to requests from competent authorities;
   - (c) enforce our Terms of Use or House Rules;
   - (d) protect our operations or those of any of our affiliated businesses;
   - (e) protect our rights, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliated businesses, you or others;
   - and (f) enforcing or defending legal rights, or preventing damage.
   
   This means we can store and disclose your information to law enforcement authorities, state or government agencies if we establish that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law. This includes responses to court orders or subpoenas, as well as other judicial or regulatory processes.
   
As used in this privacy policy, “legitimate interests” means the interests of ML TECH and our affiliated businesses in conducting and managing our business. When we process your personal data for our legitimate interests, we make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you, and your rights under data protection laws. Our legitimate interests do not automatically override your interests. We will not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you unless we have your consent or those activities are otherwise required or permitted to by law. You have the right to object at any time to processing of your personal data that is based on our legitimate interests, on grounds relating to your particular situation (for more information on your rights, please see "User rights" section below).

## When we share your personal information

We share your personal data with third parties in the following situations:
- **Service providers**: ML TECH, like many businesses, occasionally engages selected third parties who act on our behalf to support our operations, such as (**a**) card processing or payment services (see the point below headed "Payment Information"), (**b**) IT suppliers and contractors (e.g. data hosting providers or delivery partners) as necessary to provide IT support and enable us to provide subscription services and other goods/services available on this Website or to users, (**c**) web and mobile analytics providers, (**d**) providers of digital advertising services and (**e**) providers of marketing and sales software solutions. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties may access, process or store your personal data in the course of performing their duties to us and solely in order to perform the services we have hired them to provide.
- ‍**Payment information**: Customers (on a paid subscription) must provide payment information (name, credit card information or PayPal/Google Pay/Apple Pay account information). This information is used for billing purposes only and is processed by Stripe, which is our payment processor. When you are making a payment, we do not have access to your personal and credit card information. Should we have any issues with processing an order, the email address provided will be used to contact you.
- **User information**: We use Auth0 to store all of our customer information securely and in compliance with regulations such as GDPR. Auth0 is regulated and uses state of the art security measures to ensure your data is kept safe. Whenever your personal data is required we retrieve it from Auth0's server.
- ‍**ML TECH affiliated businesses**: In order to provide the services you request from us, our affiliated businesses may access and process the information which we collect from you for the purposes described above, including offering products and services to you. Our affiliated businesses will only use your data for the purposes for which we originally collected it.
- ‍**Analytics providers**: We use Google Analytics, Facebook Pixel and Hotjar (“Analytics software”) in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize our services and overall experience. Analytics software is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Analytics software uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behaviour and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Analytics software stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Analytics software is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.
  1. **Google Analytics**: For more information on Google Analytics privacy practices, please go [here](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en&ref_topic=2919631).
  2. **Facebook Pixel**: For more information on Facebook Pixels privacy practices, please go [here](https://www.facebook.com/legal/technology_terms).
  ‍3. **Hotjar**: For more information on Hojars privacy practices, please go [here](https://help.hotjar.com/hc/en-us/categories/115001323967-About-Hotjar).
- **Business transfers**: If we sell our business or our company assets are acquired by a third party personal data held by us about our general account users, subscription account users or customers may be one of the transferred assets.
- ‍**Administrative and legal reasons**: if we need to disclose your personal data (**a**) to comply with a legal obligation and/or judicial or regulatory proceedings, a court order or other legal process. (**b**) to enforce our Terms of Use, House Rules or other applicable contract terms that you are subject to or (**c**) to protect us or our contractors against loss or damage. This may include (without limit) exchanging information with the police, courts or law enforcement organisations.

### Advertising

We display advertisements on MLFX and use remarketing and tracking features provided by Google and Facebook. Remarketing feature allows us to display advertising in a more targeted manner in order to present advertisements of interest to users, based on activity on other websites. Tracking features allow us to collect information about impressions, ad clicks and certain actions that you complete through our website. This data also helps us evaluate the performance of ad campaigns. Note that we collect pseudonymous data only.

For more information about Google’s use of data for marketing purposes, please see [Google Ads](https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads) and [Google’s Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

You can opt-out from remarketing and/or targeting by visiting the [Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) or turning off "personalization of Google ads", on the [Ad Settings page](https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/).

Note that you can learn more about Facebook’s data policy [here](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/). You can manage your personal settings for advertisements on Facebook [here](https://www.facebook.com/ads/settings). In case you don’t have a Facebook account, you can use [Your Online Choice](http://www.youronlinechoices.c/) or [Optout](http://optout.aboutads.info/) to manage your ad experience.

Note that we don’t share any personal information with our advertisers. They can only access general statistics that include the number of impressions their ads have generated as well as clicks.

### Security of personal data

We use technical and organizational safeguards to protect your personal data and require third parties with whom we work to do the same.

We use Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption technology in order to protect certain information that you submit. This type of technology protects you from having your information intercepted by anyone while it is being transmitted to MLFX, Auth0 or Stripe. While on a secure page, such as Stripe's order form, the "lock" icon in the browser window is displayed, confirming that a secure, encrypted connection has been established with their website. We work hard to ensure that MLFX is secure and that we meet industry standards. We also use other safeguards, such as firewalls, authentication systems (e.g., passwords and personal identification numbers), and access control mechanisms to control unauthorized access to systems and data. Where you have chosen to create an account, you are responsible for doing everything you reasonably can to keep your access details secret. You must not share these details with anyone else.

We also do our best to protect user information offline. All of our users' personal information is restricted to our offices. Only employees who need to see the information to perform their jobs are allowed to access it.

We are constantly improving the ways we secure the data we collect, store and process, including physical security measures that help us counter unauthorized access to our systems. However, no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children’s and sensitive personal data

This Website is not directed to children who are under the age of 18. We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children below the age of 18 years or sensitive personal data (racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, biometric data, data concerning health, data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation). If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so that we can either obtain special consent or delete the information.

## Third-Party Sites

#### Links to other sites

At our discretion, we can add links (web links) to other websites from MLFX. These websites can be run by third parties with separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content, activities or privacy policies of those linked sites. We suggest you read the privacy policy of each and every site that you visit.

## User rights

Individuals subject to the European data protection laws may have data subject rights in relation to personal data we hold about them (described in detail below), which may be subject to limitations and/or restrictions.

If you are located in the EU, please contact us to exercise your rights.

### Accessing data

If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your personal data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that personal data along with certain other details. If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.

### Restricting processing

You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of the data or object to us processing it. We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we shared your personal data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your personal data so you can contact them directly.

### Objection

**You may:**
- ask us at any time to stop processing your personal data, and we will do so unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing;
- object at any time to our processing of your data for the purposes of direct marketing. This can be done by clicking the unsubscribe button in marketing emails.

### Withdrawal of consent

If we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your data before we received notice that you wished to withdraw your consent. We would emphasise that we do not generally rely on your consent to allow us to process your personal data if there is another lawful ground available. If we do rely on your consent we will make this clear to you at the time.

### Viewing and correcting data

You have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, or completed if it is incomplete. In order to do so, each user can view and manage or update his/her personal data in the profile settings.

If we shared your personal data with others, we will tell them about the correction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your personal data so you can contact them directly. 

### Deleting data

You have the right to refuse to use MLFX and may ask us to delete or remove your personal data in certain circumstances, such as where we rely on your consent to process your personal data and you withdraw that consent, or you object to us processing your personal data based on our legitimate interests and there is no overriding legitimate grounds for that processing. If we shared your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your personal data with, so you can contact them directly.

Please note that the above right of deletion is in addition to your rights to delete your user account in accordance with our Terms of Use. If you requested your account be deleted, we will delete personal data you have supplied to us, however, certain personal data will be retained if it is integral to our systems and platform, including data in communications you have sent to MLFX staff and payment records. This data is necessarily retained for the integrity of the platform data and legitimate business purposes, including auditing, security and other legitimate interests.

Note that search engines, as well as third parties, can keep copies of your publicly available information for some time once your account has been deactivated.

### Data retention

‍We will keep your personal data,
1. until your user account is deleted by you (if requested), or by us, or
2. as required by law or as necessary for legitimate business purposes (e.g. for tax, legal, accounting, fraud or abuse prevention or other purposes), whichever is the longer.

Upon expiry of the applicable retention period, we will securely destroy your personal data in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. In some circumstances, we may anonymise your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case it is no longer personal data.

When you consent to receive marketing communications, we will keep your data until you unsubscribe.

### Data portability

You have the right to obtain your personal data from us that you consent to give us or that was provided to us as necessary in connection with our contract with you. We will give you your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.

### Lodge a complaint with the data protection authority

If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we handled your personal data, you can report it to any competent data protection authority of a European Union member state that is authorised to hear those concerns (you may find European Union Data Protection Authorities’ contact information [here](https://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080)). If you wish to exercise any of these rights please contact us. We may also need to ask you for further information to verify your identity before we can respond to any request.

## European Union residents: International data transfers

ML TECH LTD is incorporated in New Zealand and has affiliates in Mexico and India. The information collected through MLFX will be stored on servers located in New Zealand, Mexico, Indian, The European Union and other destinations (including outside the European Economic Area "**EEA**"), to our service providers and affiliated businesses for the purposes described above. This is necessary to enable you to navigate and use our Website, and the data may be transmitted to our service providers and affiliates supporting our business operations (described above).

Please note that the countries concerned may not provide the same legal standards for the protection of your personal data that you have in the EEA. Where we transfer your personal data to countries outside of the EEA we will take steps to ensure that your information receives an adequate level of security protection where it is processed and your rights continue to be protected.

If you would like to receive more information on the safeguards that we implement, please contact us.

## Contact information

If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions you can contact ML TECH using contact@mlforex.com, by sending a message on [Telegram](https://t.me/joinchat/IFyZTEw_uhEHe0Oo5uSAVw) or internally within our MLFX Application.

**If you disagree with this privacy policy, you will need to stop using our Website and deactivate/delete any user accounts.**

ML TECH LTD.
