---
title: 'Cookies Policy'
description: 'What a lovely page.'
image:
  src: '/assets/image.jpg'
  alt: 'An image showcasing My Page.'
  width: 400
  height: 300
head:
  meta:
    - name: 'keywords'
      content: 'nuxt, vue, content'
    - name: 'robots'
      content: 'index, follow'
    - name: 'author'
      content: 'NuxtLabs'
    - name: 'copyright'
      content: '© 2022 NuxtLabs'
---

# Cookies Policy

This cookies policy ("**Cookies Policy**") describes the cookies and other technologies that ML TECH uses he choices that you have. This Cookies Policy forms part of our Privacy Policy.

When you first visit MLFX you will be notified about the use of cookies on MLFX, and if you continue to use MLFX your acceptance of these cookies is implicit.

If you DO NOT consent to the cookies used on this site, you will be directed to the “**How to control cookies**” section of this policy where you will find instructions on how to disable them.

If you choose not to disable the cookies, and you continue using MLFX; your understanding of this Cookies Policy and consent to their use is thereby implied.

## Changes

We may change the type of third-party service providers that place cookies on MLFX and amend this Cookies Policy at any time by posting the amended Policy on MLFX. Unless additional notice or consent is required by applicable laws, this will serve as your notification of these changes.

## What is a cookie?

A 'cookie' is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit. MLFX uses first-party cookies (those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time, e.g. cookies placed by www.mlforex.com) as well as third-party cookies (set by a different domain), as described below.

Cookies can be stored on your computer for different periods of time. Cookies could be in a form of either "**session cookies**" or "**persistent cookies**".
 
 - A **session cookie** only lasts for as long as the browser session and is automatically deleted when you close your browser.
 - A **persistent cookie** survives after your browser is closed and will remain until it expires (as determined by the third party placing it) or you delete the cookie. Persistent cookies help recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again.

The data collected through cookies may include information about the IP (internet protocol) address of your device, browser type, language, operating system, the state or country from which you accessed this website, the date and the time of a visit, the number of links you click on MLFX, the functions you use on MLFX, the searches you request and the data you save on MLFX.

We may use the information collected as necessary for various legitimate purposes, including user authentication, security, research and analysis to improve the functionality of MLFX, and advertising (for more information on how we use your data, please read our Privacy Policy).

You can find more about cookies, including how to see or manage cookies, at [All About Cookies or About Cookies](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).‍

If you do not want to receive cookies from third parties, you can also change your browser settings on your computer or other devices you are using as described under the "How to control cookies" section below.

## How do we use cookies?

The following sets out how we use different categories of cookies, as well as information on your options for managing the settings for the data collection by these technologies:
- **Necessary cookies**: Used to provide users with services available through MLFX and to use some of its features, such as the ability to log in to access secure areas, to provide pop-up notices, and to accept language from sign up forms. These cookies are essential for using and navigating MLFX. Without these cookies, the basic functions of MLFX would not work. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver MLFX and the services, you cannot refuse them.

 The Necessary Cookies we use are for user authentication and identification, to make features and functions of our applications available, user interface customization and security features such as detecting fraud and abuse. We also use Web Storage and Indexed Database technologies to store user preferences and information necessary to provide our service. We use Evercookie technology to implement security features and detect violations of the Terms of Use.
- **Functionality Cookies**: Used to remember choices (e.g. user name, language or the region users are in) and provide enhanced, more personalized features.
- **Performance/Analytics Cookies**: Used to recognize and count the number of MLFX visitors, to gather statistics regarding how visitors move around MLFX (including the number of page views, number of visitors, and time spent on each page) and for conversion tracking and click hotspots. This helps us improve the way our Site works and the user experience on it, for example by making sure users can find what they need easily.
- **Google Analytics**: These cookies are used to collect and analyze information about how you use our Website. We use this information to analyze and improve our services. These cookies collect information in an anonymous form. Examples of cookies used for this purpose are **__ga, __utma, __git**. The information generated by Google Analytics about your use of our Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google, Inc. in the United States (pursuant to Google's Privacy Shield certification). For more information on Google Analytics privacy practices, read [here](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en&ref_topic=2919631). You can find more information about Google Analytics cookie usage and expiration [here](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage). [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).
- **Hotjar**: Examples of Hotjar cookies we use include: _hjIncludedInSample, _hjid, and _hjRecordingLastActivity. These cookies are used to track user activity on MLFX in the form of scroll/click heatmaps and screen recordings to help us improve our service and create a better experience for our visitors. You can find a full list of Hotjar’s cookies [here](https://help.hotjar.com/hc/en-us/articles/115011789248-Hotjar-Cookies). If you want to opt out of Hotjar cookies you can do so [here](https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out/).
- **Advertising Cookies**: These cookies are used to show you relevant advertising. 
- **Facebook ads cookies**: These cookies are used for remarketing and tracking purposes. For more information on Facebook's Cookie Policy, read [here](https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/). You can [manage your personal settings for advertisements on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/ads/settings).
- **Cookie used to integrate third-party services**: Used to integrate third-party functionalities on MLFX (such as videos, maps or social networks plug-ins).

## How to control cookies

Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can set your browser to disable cookies or to notify you when cookies are being stored. If you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie, it is possible that some parts of MLFX will not function properly or will not work at all.

You can find more information about cookie management on the most popular web-browser help pages at the following links:

- [Google Chrome](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647)
- [Mozilla](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer)
- [Firefox](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4027947/windows-delete-cookies)
- [Microsoft Edge](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4027947/windows-delete-cookies)
- [Safari (macOS)](https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/11.0/mac/10.13)
- :env-link{link="linkGithub" text="Safari (iOS)"}

For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.

## Web beacons

Web beacons, also called tracking pixels, are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that allow us to track usage patterns, count users who have visited a particular page, advertising impressions and clicks etc. Web beacons only collect limited information, including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides. These beacons do not carry any personal data and are only used to track the effectiveness of MLFX and to show advertisements based on the visitor's interests. We use web beacons in connection with Google Analytics, Facebook Pixel and advertising services. The information generated relating to this site is used as necessary for various legitimate purposes, including the creation of reports about the use of this site as well as development, testing and improvement of services. Google and Facebook will store information collected by their services.

For more information about Google’s use of data for marketing and analytics purposes, please see [here](https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads) and [Google’s Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

For more information about Facebook’s use of data for marketing and analytics purposes, please see [Facebook’s Data Policy](https://www.facebook.com/policy.php).

## ‍Acceptance of this policy

You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using MLFX or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access MLFX and the Services we provide.

## Contact us

If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions you can contact ML TECH using contact@mlforex.com, by sending a message on [Telegram](https://t.me/joinchat/IFyZTEw_uhEHe0Oo5uSAVw) or internally within our MLFX Application.
